(GH-2601) Clarify that _sensitive can only be used at the top-level (#2812)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/writing_tasks.md

### Returning sensitive data

To return secrets from a task, use the `_sensitive` key at the top level of the output. Bolt treats
the result as sensitive and does not allow it to be printed to the console or log. Note that Bolt
does not obfuscate data under `_sensitive` if `_sensitive` is not at the top level.  For example,
Bolt does not treat this `user` data as sensitive: `{user: _sensitive: { carmen: sandiego } }`.

> This task will generate a random password for user 'someone', making the password hash sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task generates a random password for user 'someone', making the password hash sensitive.
```

Author: 💀

Reviewer: I use future tense _all the time_ too haha. It's the most common correction Heston makes to my docs changes. 😅

### Returning sensitive data

To return secrets from a task, use the `_sensitive` key at the top level of the output. Bolt will
treat the result as sensitive and won't allow it to be printed to the console or log. Note that this

> will not obfuscate data under `_sensitive` if `_sensitive` is not at the top level, for example `{
> user: _sensitive: { carmen: sandiego } }` will not be made sensitive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
does not obfuscate data under `_sensitive` if `_sensitive` is not at the top level. 
For example, Bolt does not treat this `user` as sensitive: 
`{user: _sensitive: { carmen: sandiego } }`.
```
Could we also provide the "correct" example here?

Author: The correct example is directly below, I can make that more clear!

puts result.to_json
```

> Running the task will print:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the task prints:
```
